feat(curriculum): adding content for react useState and useEffect review page (#59130)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: client/src/pages/learn/full-stack-developer/review-react-state-and-hooks/index.md

---
title: Introduction to the React useState and useEffect Review
block: review-react-state-and-hooks
superBlock: full-stack-developer
---

> ## Introduction to the React useState and useEffect Review
> 
> Review what you've learned on the `useState()` and `useEffect()` hooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Introduction to the React State and Hooks Review

Review what you've learned on React state and hooks.
```
